This contains code for building a basic subnavigation menu ("sub navbar")


Important Points:

1) Subnavigation menus are often used in a navbar to display content when the user hovers over it
2) It's an effective way of displaying various sub-categories which the user might be interested in


--- SUB NAVBAR STRUCTURE START ---

1) When building a navbar, the subnavigation component will typically be used more than once 
2) In that case, the subnavigation components (.subnav) should be put inside a parent div 
   (.subnav-box)
3) The parent div containing the subnavigation components should be a flex container
4) This allows each sub navbar to occupy its full height, making the background colour go from top-to-
   bottom on hover
5) Ideally the sub navbar should be positioned directly underneath the main navbar
6) To achieve this, first set the main navbar to position: relative
7) IMPORTANT: The main navbar itself must be set to position: relative. It doesn't work if you apply
   position: relative to the subnav component or the parent div surrounding all the subnavs!

--- SUB NAVBAR STRUCTURE END ---


--- SUBNAV MENU START ---

1) This subnavigation will have a an upwards-facing arrow positioned at the top 
2) Subnavigation menus are often used in a navbar to display content when the user hovers over it
3) When building a navbar, the subnavigation component will typically be used more than once 
4) In that case, the subnavigation components should be put inside a parent div
5) The parent div containing the subnavigation components should be a flex container
6) This allows the button to occupy its full height, making the background colour go from top-to-
   bottom on hover
7) Ideally the subnav should be positioned directly underneath the main navbar
8) To achieve this, first set the main navbar to position: relative
9) IMPORTANT: The main navbar itself must be set to position: relative. It doesn't work if you apply
   position: relative to the subnav component or the parent div surrounding all the subnavs!
10) Second, the subnav content should be set to position: absolute & top: 100%
11) Setting the top property to 100% places it directly underneath the main navbar!
12) To make the subnav really stand out, give it a different background colour
13) However, the subnav button should not be given the same background colour, as it would prevent
    the arrow from being seen
14) You should give the button the same font size and padding set on the navigation links
    This helps to give it a uniform appearance
15) In a similar way, the subnav links should be given enough padding to ensure that it's of roughly
    the same height as the navbar

--- SUBNAV MENU END ---


--- SUBNAV ARROW START ---

1) To create an arrow that should appear on top of the subnav content, use an ::after
    pseudo-element
2) The subnav operates as normal, but has an arrow at the TOP 
3) The arrow itself is created using borders
4) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
    margin-left property to have the same value, but negative (-). This will keep the arrow centred
5) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a top-facing 
    arrow, set the bottom border to the same colour as the subnav
6) The other borders should be set to transparent. If all sides are the same colour as the subnav, 
    you'll just end up with a coloured square box!
7) The arrow should be absolutely positioned relative to the subnav button of class .subnav__dropbtn,
    which itself is set to position: relative
8) The top coordinate property must be carefully adjusted to ensure that the arrows are positioned
    exactly at the bottom of each subnav button
9) You should then set the arrow to display: none to hide it initially.
10) But when the user hovers over the subnav button, the arrow should then be set to display: block
11) By doing this, each arrow only shows up when its corresponding subnav is hovered on!
12) IMPORTANT: Do not put the ::after pseudo-element on the subnav content. The subnav content is 
    already absolutely positioned and set to width: 100%. Therefore, you won't be able to 
    position the arrow relative to where the subnav button!

--- SUBNAV ARROW END ---


--- FINAL POINTS ---

1) Feel free to modify this subnavigation menu to suit your needs
2) The only icon used is the dropdown arrow (caret)
3) However, you're free to not use the icon if you wish